Meeting Date: October 24, 2025
Attendees: Alice (PM), Bob (Eng Lead), Charlie (Architect), Dave (Dev)
Subject: Project Alpha - Architecture Review and Roadmap

Action Items:
1. Bob to finalize the API specification by Friday.
2. Charlie to prototype the new RAG ingestion pipeline.
3. Dave to set up the CI/CD pipeline for the new repository.
4. Alice to valid the user stories with the design team.

Transcript / Detailed Notes:

Alice: Let's get started. The goal of today's meeting is to solidify the architecture for Project Alpha.
Bob: thanks Alice. We've reviewed the requirements. The key challenge is handling the large volume of unstructured data.
Charlie: I agree. That's why I'm proposing we use a dedicated ingestion layer.
We discussed this offline, but I want to formalize it.
The ingestion layer needs to support PDF, Markdown, and Text files.
It should be able to scan directories recursively.
Dave: How are we handling updates? If a file changes, do we re-index everything?
Charlie: Good point. For MVP, we can do full re-indexing.
Later, we can implement a delta-check using file hashes.
Bob: I like that approach. Keep it simple for now.
Alice: What about the timeline? Can we get a demo by next week?
Dave: If we stick to just text and markdown, yes. PDF might take longer due to library dependencies.
Bob: Let's stick to Text and Markdown for the demo.
Alice: Agreed. So the scope for the demo is a functioning RAG pipeline with those two formats.
Charlie: I'll also ensure we have proper chunking strategies.
We noticed that fixed-size chunking cuts off context sometimes.
We might want to look into semantic chunking later.
Bob: Noted. Let's add that to the tech debt backlog.
Dave: I'll also start setting up the testing environment.
We need to make sure we can run these tests in CI without a GPU.
Bob: Yes, we can use mocks for the embedding model in CI.
Alice: Moving on to the frontend. Are we building a custom UI or using Streamlit?
Bob: Streamlit is faster for the internal tool. Let's go with that.
Alice: Okay. So to recap:
- Project Alpha is a go.
- We are building a Directory Ingestion Layer.
- MVP supports Text/Markdown.
- Demo is due next week.
- Architecture will focus on modularity (as per our principles).
Charlie: One last thing. regarding the vector store.
Are we using Chroma or staying in-memory?
Bob: In-memory is fine for the demo. But let's build the interface so we can swap it out.
Dave: I've already defined the VectorStore abstract base class, so we should be good.
Alice: Perfect. Great meeting everyone.
Let's crush this.
Meeting Adjourned.
